<includeonly><div class="textbook-display" style="border: 2px solid #2e7d32; padding: 1em; margin: 1em 0; background: #f1f8e9;">
<h2 style="margin-top: 0;">{{{has_title|}}}{{#if:{{{has_subtitle|}}}|<small style="color: #555;"> &mdash; {{{has_subtitle|}}}</small>}}</h2>
<p><strong>Subject:</strong> {{{has_subject|}}} &middot; <strong>Edition:</strong> {{{has_edition|}}}</p>
<p><strong>By</strong> {{Property/Page | value={{{has_author|}}}}} &middot; <strong>Published</strong> {{{has_pubyear|}}}</p>

<h3>Details</h3>
{{Category/table-header | category={{{category|Textbook}}} | label=Details}}
{{Category/property-row | prop=Has ISBN            | value={{{has_isbn|}}}}}
{{Category/property-row | prop=Has genre           | value={{{has_genre|}}}}}
{{Category/property-row | prop=Has tag             | value={{{has_tag|}}}}}
{{Category/property-row | prop=Is available        | value={{{is_available|}}}}}
{{Category/table-footer | category={{{category|Textbook}}} | subobjects=no | backlinks=no}}
</div></includeonly><noinclude>
Custom display template for Category:Textbook.

Demonstrates Level 3 customization from docs/user-guide/customizing-display.md:
`Has display template=TextbookDisplay` on Category:Textbook makes the
dispatcher forward every effective field as a named param and delegate
rendering entirely to this template.

Two patterns on display:

* '''Direct param access''' for hero-card fields — `{{{has_title|}}}`
  etc. resolve to the baked values with zero SMW queries. Page-typed
  values like `has_author` are wrapped in `Property/Page` for the
  wikilink (matching the dispatcher's Page-type default).
* '''Explicit primitive composition''' for the `Details` table —
  `Category/table-header` + one `Category/property-row` per non-hero
  field + `Category/table-footer`. Same contract the auto-generated
  dispatcher uses. Rows pass `prop=` instead of a hard-coded `label=`,
  so `Category/property-row` resolves the site-wide display label via
  `#show:Property:<name>|?Display label`. Tradeoff: one `#show` per
  row, versus zero queries when the dispatcher bakes labels in — fine
  for a handful of fields, noticeable beyond ~20.

Parameters:
* category - The category name (passed by the dispatcher). Defaults to
             "Textbook" for direct invocation.
* has_title, has_subtitle, has_subject, has_edition, has_author,
  has_pubyear, has_isbn, has_genre, has_tag, is_available — the
  effective Textbook fields, forwarded by the dispatcher.
</noinclude>
