<includeonly>{{#if:{{{backlink_props|}}}|{{#ifexpr: 0{{#arraymap:{{{backlink_props}}}|,|@@p@@|+{{#ask:[[{{PAGENAME:@@p@@}}::{{FULLPAGENAME}}]]|format=count}}|}} > 0 |
{{!}}-
! colspan="2" style="background-color: #eaecf0; text-align: center; font-size: 0.9em;" {{!}} Backlinks
{{#arraymap:{{{backlink_props}}}|,|@@p@@|{{#ifexpr: {{#ask: [[{{PAGENAME:@@p@@}}::{{FULLPAGENAME}}]] | format=count }} > 0 |{{!}}-
! {{{backlink_label_@@p@@|@@p@@}}}
{{!}} {{#ask: [[{{PAGENAME:@@p@@}}::{{FULLPAGENAME}}]] | format=list }}}}|\n}}}}|{{#ifexpr: 0{{#arraymap:{{#show:Category:{{{1|}}}|?Show backlinks for|link=none|sep=,}}|,|@@prop@@|+{{#ask:[[{{PAGENAME:@@prop@@}}::{{FULLPAGENAME}}]]|format=count}}|}} > 0 |
{{!}}-
! colspan="2" style="background-color: #eaecf0; text-align: center; font-size: 0.9em;" {{!}} Backlinks
{{#arraymap:{{#show:Category:{{{1|}}}|?Show backlinks for|link=none|sep=,}}|,|@@prop@@|{{#ifexpr: {{#ask: [[{{PAGENAME:@@prop@@}}::{{FULLPAGENAME}}]] | format=count }} > 0 |{{!}}-
! {{#show:@@prop@@|?Inverse property label|default={{PAGENAME:@@prop@@}}}}
{{!}} {{#ask: [[{{PAGENAME:@@prop@@}}::{{FULLPAGENAME}}]] | format=list }}}}|\n}}}}}}</includeonly><noinclude>
Renders backlink rows for properties linking to the current page.

Two paths:

* '''Fast path (baked)''' — when the caller passes `backlink_props`
  (comma-separated parameter-name list) and optional
  `backlink_label_<param>` labels, iterates the baked list inline. No
  `#show` for the property list; no `#show` per property for the
  inverse label. Still runs one `#ask` per property to find links
  (inherent). Dispatcher templates for categories that declare
  `Show backlinks for` use this path.
* '''Dynamic fallback''' — when `backlink_props` is absent, discovers
  the property list from the category's `Show backlinks for`
  annotation and resolves each property's `Inverse property label`
  at render time. Used when hand-written templates invoke
  `Category/render-reverse` without baked params.

Only renders the Backlinks header row when at least one declared
property has non-empty results (aggregate count check).

Parameters:
* 1                    - Category name (dynamic path only).
* backlink_props       - Baked comma-separated param-name list.
* backlink_label_<p>   - Per-property label (falls back to param name).
</noinclude>
