<includeonly>{| class="wikitable source-semanticschemas"
{{Category/display-header | category={{{category|}}} | label={{{label|}}} }}
{{#if:{{{props|}}}|{{#arraymap:{{{props|}}}|,|@@p@@|{{#if:{{{val_@@p@@|}}}|{{!}}-
! {{{label_@@p@@|@@p@@}}}
{{!}} {{{val_@@p@@|}}}}}|\n}}|{{Category/display-rows | category={{{category|}}} | page={{{page|{{FULLPAGENAME}}}}} }}}}
{{#ifeq:{{{backlinks|{{{subobjects|yes}}}}}}|yes|{{Category/render-reverse | {{{category|}}} }}|}}
|}{{#ifeq:{{{subobjects|yes}}}|yes|
{{Category/subobjects | category={{{category|}}} | page={{{page|{{FULLPAGENAME}}}}} }}|}}</includeonly><noinclude>
Dynamic table display template for SemanticSchemas categories.

Composes display-header, the property rows, render-reverse, and
subobjects into a full-width wikitable layout.

Two property-row rendering paths:

* '''Fast path (baked)''' — when the caller passes `props` (comma-separated
  parameter-name list) plus per-property `val_<param>` and `label_<param>`,
  iterate the baked list inline with no SMW queries. Auto-generated
  dispatcher templates use this.
* '''Dynamic fallback''' — when `props` is absent, delegate to
  `Category/display-rows` which discovers properties via ancestor walk.
  Used when composing Category/table from hand-written custom-display
  wikitext without baked params.

Two section-gating flags:

* `subobjects=no` — suppress the bottom subobject block
  (Category/subobjects). Dispatcher templates set this because they
  emit subobject `#ask` sections inline with baked per-subcat projections.
* `backlinks=no` — suppress the render-reverse backlinks row. Defaults
  to the value of `subobjects` so legacy callers that pass
  `subobjects=no` (expecting both to be off) keep working.

Parameters:
* category - The category name (without namespace prefix). Required.
* label    - Optional baked category display label (forwarded to
             `Category/display-header`).
* props    - Optional comma-separated parameter-name list that triggers
             the baked row path.
* val_<p>  - Per-property value, one per entry in `props`.
* label_<p> - Per-property display label, one per entry in `props`.
* page     - Target page to read property values from on the dynamic
             path. Defaults to {{FULLPAGENAME}}.
* subobjects - "no" suppresses the nested Category/subobjects block.
* backlinks - "no" suppresses the Category/render-reverse row.
             Defaults to `{{{subobjects|yes}}}` for backward compat.
</noinclude>
