= SemanticSchemas test wiki =

This wiki was seeded by <code>php maintenance/importTestData.php</code>
with a Library/Books domain designed to exercise every feature of the
SemanticSchemas extension. Each entry below links to a page and calls
out the specific behavior it demonstrates, so you know what to look for.

== Content pages ==

=== Books ===

* '''[[The Hobbit]]''' — a single-inheritance [[:Category:Book]]
 instance. Look for: effective properties from [[:Category:Work]]
 (title, subtitle, pubyear) merged with Book's own (author, ISBN,
 genre, tag, availability). Three [[:Category:Chapter]] subobjects
 rendered via [[Template:ChapterTable]] — the '''category-level default'''
 subobject display ([[:Category:Chapter]] declares
 <code>Has subobject display template = ChapterTable</code>, so all
 three chapters appear as rows of one shared wikitable). Compare with
 Dune below.
* '''[[Dune]]''' — a [[:Category:ReviewedBook]] instance demonstrating
 '''multiple inheritance''' (Book + Reviewed) and a '''field-level
 subobject-display override'''. Look for:
 ** Book's full property table plus ''Review rating'' from
    [[:Category:Reviewed]].
 ** Three chapters rendered as green-bordered cards via
    [[Template:ChapterCards]] — not the ChapterTable used by The Hobbit.
    [[:Category:ReviewedBook]] re-declares the Chapter subobject field
    with <code>has_subobject_display_template = ChapterCards</code>,
    and the field-level attribute wins over Chapter's own category
    default.
 ** Two reviews rendered per-instance, each with a '''star rating'''.
    [[:Property:Has rating]] sets
    <code>Has render template = Property/Stars</code> at the property
    level, so every review row displays ★☆ stars without Review
    having to touch the rating field.
* '''[[Introduction to Algorithms]]''' — a [[:Category:Textbook]]
 instance demonstrating a '''fully custom display template'''.
 [[:Category:Textbook]] sets <code>Has display format = none</code>
 and <code>Has display template = TextbookDisplay</code>, so rendering
 is delegated to [[Template:TextbookDisplay]]. This page also has no
 chapter subobjects — look for the absence of any Chapter heading or
 empty table frame (ChapterTable's
 <code>introtemplate</code>/<code>outrotemplate</code> emit nothing
 when the <code>#ask</code> yields zero results).

=== Articles ===

* '''[[Cosmos as Context]]''' — a [[:Category:Article]] sibling of
 [[:Category:Book]] under [[:Category:Work]]. Confirms ''Work''
 properties inherit into Article independently of Book. Also
 demonstrates the <code>URL</code>-typed property (<code>Has DOI</code>).

=== People ===

Two sibling Person-family categories highlight the Level 2 render-template
resolution chain (field-level override > property-level default > auto-
default > bare):

* '''[[J. R. R. Tolkien]]''' / '''[[Frank Herbert]]''' —
 [[:Category:Person]] instances. Email renders as a live
 <code>mailto:</code> link because [[:Property:Has email]] sets
 <code>Has render template = Property/Email</code> at the
 '''property level''' and Person does not override it. Website uses a
 '''field-level-only''' override on Person
 (<code>has_render_template = Property/Link</code>; the property page
 sets no default).
* '''[[Carl Sagan]]''' / '''[[Thomas Cormen]]''' — [[:Category:Reviewer]]
 instances (subcategory of Person). Same
 <code>sagan@example.org</code> address, but rendered as
 <code>sagan [at] example.org</code> because
 [[:Category:Reviewer]] declares
 <code>has_render_template = Property/ObfuscatedEmail</code> on its
 Has email field — a '''field-level override''' that wins over the
 property-level default used by Person.

Every Person/Reviewer sidebox also ends with '''Authored''' and
'''Reviewed''' backlink rows
(<code>show_backlinks_for = Has author, Has reviewer</code>, with
inverse labels resolved from the property pages). Sagan authored
[[Cosmos as Context]] and reviewed [[Dune]]; Cormen authored
[[Introduction to Algorithms]] and reviewed [[Dune]].

== Schema shape ==

Category hierarchy (arrows point from child to parent):

 Work ← Book ← Textbook
 Work ← Book ← ReviewedBook → Reviewed
 Work ← Article
 Person ← Reviewer (sidebox display, obfuscated email)
 Chapter, Review (subobject-only types)

== Things worth clicking ==

* [[J. R. R. Tolkien]] vs [[Carl Sagan]] → compare email cells;
 property-level default (<code>mailto:</code>) vs field-level override
 (<code>[at]</code>) on the same property.
* [[The Hobbit]] vs [[Dune]] → compare Chapter sections; category-level
 default (ChapterTable) vs field-level override (ChapterCards) on the
 same subobject category.
* [[Dune]] → confirm star rendering on review ratings (property-level
 <code>Has render template</code> on [[:Property:Has rating]]).
* [[Introduction to Algorithms]] → confirm zero visible Chapter/Review
 headings despite inheriting both subobject fields.
* [[:Category:Work]] → inherited properties roll up through the hierarchy.
* [[Special:FormEdit/Book/The Hobbit]] → every field pre-populated;
 chapters in their own multi-instance section.
* [[Special:FormEdit/ReviewedBook/Dune]] → both chapters and reviews
 as separate multi-instance sections.
* [[Special:Ask]] with <code>[[Category:Book]]|?Has title|?Has genre</code>
 → returns Book, Textbook, and ReviewedBook instances via category
 inheritance (all three are children of [[:Category:Book]]).

== Customization reference ==

See <code>docs/user-guide/customizing-display.md</code> in the repo
for the four levels of display customization. All four — default
format, per-field/per-property render template, fully custom display
template, and custom subobject display template — are live on this
wiki, with field-level overrides demonstrated for Levels 2 and 4.

__NOTOC__
